(All the characters, organizations,
places, and happenings...)
(in this drama are all fake and
are not based on a true story.)
(Organ donations and transplants
are processed fairly under management.)
(The plot regarding
this matter is purely fictional.)
Aeguk Newspaper caught Nam Kang Myung.
And now the Splash Team's
after the Faith Center?
I thought the only thing
reporters knew how to do was lose.
Pretty good.
When the media shows us trust,
we repay with reports.
I will keep the promise
that Min Young Ho couldn't...
five years ago.
Are you...
the one who made the report?
(Episode 31)
Hey, you. Didn't you hear?
The first one who moves is the culprit.
Gosh, darn it.
You.
You made the report?
Catch him!
Mr. Min Ha Jun.
Do you admit that...
you covered up that Lieutenant
Jeon committed murder...
- with Prosecutor Im Ji Tae?
- What are you talking about?
You admit that you helped
Nam Kang Myung flee, don't you?
Hold on.
There must be a misunderstanding.
No, there isn't.
I'm certain that he is guilty.
You're under arrest for dereliction
of duty and aiding a fugitive.
Why did you do it?
You helped Nam Kang Myung and Im Ji Tae.
Why did you make the report? Why?
Will you believe me...
if I said I was forced to help?
Hey!
It wasn't a coincidence...
that he arrested you then.
He did it on purpose because he knew you
recognized Nam Kang Myung.
Can we talk to him first?
- Sorry?
- He's an informant after all.
I have to know...
why he wanted to meet us.
You said you were forced to help Im Ji Tae and Nam Kang Myung.
Are you claiming that someone asked you to help them?
I wasn't asked.
I was ordered.
I received an order...
from those men.
Do you mean...
men who are known as "the elders"?
Who are these elders?
I don't know who they are.
Nam Kang Myung...
called them the black curtain.
The black curtain founded Sahae Foundation.
Sahae Foundation...
set up Faith Center.
Where did you get this information?
I was informed that it was the work of a journalist.
And I stole it.
Why did you steal this, Detective Min?
I...
was part of Faith Center too.
am also a slave that was made there.
I was five years old...
when I was sent there.
Since a lot of national events happened in that year,
they said they needed to clean the street.
So people were taken...
including kids.
There were adults as well.
Nam Kang Myung...
That devil...
chose kids among them.
Why did Nam Kang Myung choose kids?
Soldiers.
He said he was planning to turn us into soldiers.
Their project was to make soldiers...
who would kill at their order.
Tanks were enough to overthrow the government of the country.
It was once a nation where soldiers dominated.
As long as they had us,
they believed they could overthrow the government at any time.
You're telling us that...
just a mere foundation came up with that ridiculous project?
A mere foundation?
Do you know what this tattoo means?
National Security Agency.
You should look at the logos of the foundation and the agency.
(Sahae Foundation, National Security Agency)
Prosecutor,
the tattoo...
is a combined symbol of the foundation and the agency.
(National Security Agency, Sahae Foundation)
The powerful people of this country...
could ruin the city and turn innocent people into spies.
Faith Center wasn't founded by a mere foundation.
It was a project...
their own country aided and condoned.
What happened...
to that project?
It failed.
There was a new administration.
They couldn't control us even with the drugs.
But...
they didn't need soldiers who couldn't fight.
- At that time...
- There was a fire.
Where are those kids now?
Do they all have the same tattoo?
Do they still take orders from them?
That fire.
It wasn't a coincidence.
They started the fire on purpose...
to conceal the project.
So except the two of us, no one was able to escape.
Is the other one who managed to get out...
Is it this guy?
Where...
is this guy?
I don't know. I'm not lying.
This guy is still taking orders from them, isn't he?
I was useless,
but Jin Woo was different.
- Jin Woo?
- Kim Jin Woo.
It's a name that we came up by ourselves.
But why are you telling us this now?
Don't you think I tried in the past?
I wrote a letter to Daehan Newspaper!
But Nam Kang Myung persuaded that jerk, so that started the fire.
Once things turned for the worse, you were too busy running away.
It was you guys who betrayed us!
After that, I couldn't trust anyone.
However, five years ago,
when I found this,
I was willing to give it another try.
If only someone else showed up whom I could trust...
- If only there was one person...
- Hold on.
You found this five years ago?
(Draft Proposal of Faith Center, Sahae Foundation Donations)
They're files regarding...
Sahae Foundation and Faith Center.
There's also a fund flow statement...
of Chairman Min's money.
But...
who was the reporter who gathered all this information?
(Draft Proposal of Faith Center, Sahae Foundation Donations)
My name is Han Chul Ho.
I'm a reporter working at Daehan Newspaper's Splash Team.
Many of you might not be able to understand what I'm about to say.
But what I'm about to tell you right now...
is a recording...
of our country's criminal act,
which was both covered and concealed by Daehan Newspaper.
You're the one who brought me here. Why are you wasting my time?
Ms. Cha Yeon Su.
Ask the director to come here right now.
If you want him here, you should call him yourself.
Then give me your cell phone. I'll call him myself.
You can use your own cell phone.
Then give me my cell phone!
You'll get your cell phone when you're free to exit this room.
There's nothing you can do.
So just sit back down.
What?
Why are you here?
I'm here as your attorney.
I heard you said this during Yoon Seon Woo's trial...
regarding his subornation of perjury.
"He's the best lawyer that takes on only the most important cases."
I think it's going to take some time for your other employees to come.
We're going to be getting an additional report in 30 minutes.
What report?
Apparently, there's a witness who can prove that...
you were involved in both Park Eung Mo...
and Nam Kang Myung's case.
Congratulations.
You'll be getting indicted soon.
Try to come up with a good plan.
(Daehan Newspaper tried to keep Splash Team quiet, but we won't.)
So what's your plan?
We've told all the reporters to keep their mouths shut,
and we've asked other media companies for their support.
I'll make sure this goes by quietly.
Director Gu, is it true that you took out Splash Team's name...
for Nam Kang Myung's scoop?
- Hey.
- They might be an eyesore,
but it's not right...
to take away their article.
Are you really trying to hide something?
Both teams were writing the scoop at the same time.
I have absolutely nothing to hide.
Okay.
Hey! What do you think you're doing?
- Yes?
- Director Gu.
You've been called to attend the directors' meeting.
Okay.
Something urgent came up at work.
I'll be there as soon as I'm done.
Don't worry. Your surgery will go well.
I'm actually glad you're not here.
Seeing you wait at the hospital would make me feel uncomfortable.
Let's see each other after the surgery.
Okay. See you.
Who are you?
Can't you recognize me?
Are you that guy who said Nam Kang Myung was still alive?
Yes.
I'm Aeguk Newspaper's Han Mu Young.
And I'm also Han Chul Ho's younger brother.
I've always wanted to meet you.
We have a lot to talk about.
Han Chul Ho's younger brother is a reporter...
at Aeguk Newspaper?
What an interesting fate.
I don't know. You could call it an ill-fated relationship.
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have become a reporter.
And I also wouldn't be here right now.
What are you talking about?
There's one last article that Chul Ho failed to write.
I tried so hard to find out what that was for the past five years.
I was sure that Chul Ho got killed because of that last article.
I wondered what it was about...
and was willing to find out myself.
I found out that it was about Faith Center.
And it seems like you, the person whom Chul Ho respected the most,
are the one...
who concealed the truth.
You seem quite flustered.
But then again, you should be. That would only make things fair.
Because you've been...
controlling other people's lives with that finger of yours.
If you're used to getting defeated,
you tend to end up thinking that the world is very unfair.
Aren't you a professional at making things unfair?
You faked the statute of limitations for Park Eung Mo's case, didn't you?
You did, didn't you?
I don't know anything about that.
Prosecutor Im...
got charged yesterday afternoon.
And he testified that you gave him evidence to prove that...
Seo Hae Young was alive...
until 2001.
He'll probably say anything since he's desperate to get out of this.
I've never heard of this before.
Seo Hae Young was here with you at this event.
Are you still going to pretend like you don't know anything?
Seo Hae Young was Faith Center's whistle-blower.
She probably visited you to reveal the truth.
But...
you betrayed the informant.
You made sure to keep Park Eung Mo's mouth shut forever.
Then you fabricated the statute of limitations...
and made a fool out of her death.
Did you feel the need...
to shut my brother up like you did with Seo Hae Young?
- What did you say?
- Why did you...
leave my brother to die like that?
Did you order people to kill him yourself?
Stop talking nonsense!
You knew Chul Ho was going to die!
Did he tell you that he found something out about Faith Center?
In order to hide the truth, you made Seo Hae Young die,
you helped Nam Kang Myung, made Yoon Seon Woo guilty,
and you even overlooked Park Eung Mo's criminal acts.
Did you not want to let all your efforts go to waste?
Is that why you left my brother to die?
Or was it because you were also involved in what happened there?
I don't feel the need to talk to you anymore.
You knew what happened at Faith Center, didn't you?
You knew, didn't you?
You shouldn't have kept quiet if you were a true reporter.
You knew what those kids had to go through!
If you don't want to lose the one you love too,
you better tell me.
What?
I'm sure you don't want to go through that pain.
What do you mean?
What are you implying?
Answer your phone.
I'm sure it's a very important phone call.
- Hello?
- Director Gu.
I know very well what you're trying to do right now.
But if you say the wrong thing,
your wife will also die like Nam Kang Myung.
How do you think he ended up dying in the middle of the road?
We hacked into his artificial heart.
If you don't want the same thing happening to your wife,
you better keep your mouth shut.
Okay?
What did you say?
Start hacking the system,
and don't leave a trace.
The serial code is 4, 19, 6...
I'm going to ask you one more time.
Did you know that Chul Ho was going to get killed?
Get out of my way!
Did you know or not?
Move! My wife's life is in danger.
Yes.
I know.
Suk Min gave me the recording file yesterday.
I could guess how Cho Young Ki was able to kill Nam Kang Myung.
But do you know this?
I'm capable of...
becoming as corrupt as you are.
What?
You were in control of my brother's lifeline.
Now, your wife's lifeline...
is in my hands.
You crazy jerk.
Aeguk Newspaper's reporters are at the hospital.
If you tell me the truth,
you'll be able to prevent her from getting surgery.
My gosh.
Why did you have a change of heart?
Get out of my way!
Why did you succumb to them?
Was it for your wife's heart transplant?
Is that why you didn't mind getting your hands dirty?
And was it difficult to return because it felt great to have power?
Please get out of my way.
- Please let me go.
- But...
now you know that you're only going to end up getting used.
So please tell me the truth.
My brother was a fool who got orders to write fabricated articles.
But he mustered up his courage towards the end.
He asked me to help him so that he'll never give up.
But why is it so hard for you to do the same?
You had the courage to ruin other people's lives.
But why?
Why is it so hard for you to tell the truth? Why?
Please let me go.
- Tell me.
- Please get out of my way.
Tell me the truth!
It wasn't me!
I was against it.
They decided to kill him. They said Chul Ho was too deeply involved.
Then you should've kept protecting him.
They purposely started a fire and burned that place down.
They did such a horrible thing...
to those little kids.
But how could you help them?
Cho Young Ki was the one who took the lead.
He's their spokesperson.
I just used the media...
to help them.
Are you saying you used Daehan Newspaper...
for Sahae Foundation's advantage?
Yes.
So please...
save my wife now.
There's no need to stop the surgery...
because it never even started in the first place.
Everything's over, Director Gu.
Okay.
Good job.
You recorded everything, right?
Give me the recordings.
And if you want...
Cho Young Ki to get punished for instigating murder,
you'll also need to testify in court.
Hey, Suk Min.
How can you...
We found...
the article that Chul Ho had written five years ago.
We're...
going to finish what he couldn't.
The prosecution's waiting for you outside,
so go and take responsibility for what you did.
That's...
the least you can do...
for Chul Ho and everyone else who had their trust in you.
- Suk Min.
- Tae Won.
Please.
(Always know right from wrong.)
(From Faith Center, Dujeong-dong, Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province)
(To Gu Tae Won, Daehan Newspaper, Sajik-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul)
(To Reporter Gu Tae Won. Hello, sir.)
How old were the kids at Faith Center?
The youngest were five,
and the oldest ones were in their teens.
Then does that mean I lived...
instead of these kids?
(Always know right from wrong.)
"Daehan Newspaper was used for Sahae Foundation's advantage."
You better apologize about this on the front page.
If you try to conceal it again,
Aeguk Newspaper's going to make sure you get disgraced.
How dare...
a good-for-nothing newspaper company like yours come here and act up?
Listen to me.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
How are you...
any better than media jackals like us?
At least...
let the ones who wish to write proper articles spread their wings.
You should strive to keep Daehan Newspaper's...
pride and reputation intact.
Don't foolishly...
continue to do dirty deeds for others.
(International Department, Culture Department)
(The first duty of journalism is to inform the truth.)
("The Illusion of the Overseas Resource Development Business")
("Their Interest Lies in Performance Rather Than National Interest")
(Journalist Han Chul Ho)
(The last episode will air shortly.)
(Final Episode)
(Dear Gu Tae Won Reporter,)
This is the letter Detective Min wrote...
when he was at the Faith Center?
But how could they cover this up?
Is it true that Chul Ho left
evidence behind?
Yes.
And it's true he was murdered
for trying to publish an article?
Yes.
Let's do this. Let's do it together.
We can do what Chul Ho failed to finish.
This is the list of conglomerates
that gave money to Sahae Foundation.
These are the plans they had
for the Faith Center,
and information on the suspected
arson that occurred there.
When will we publish the first report?
We'll release Chul Ho's video too?
This can be a big scandal.
And we must hold the key at all times.
No.
Aeguk Newspaper
will publish the first report.
The same goes for Chul Ho's video.
- What?
- This is a scoop that Aeguk got...
after rolling in the dirt
for the past five years.
What did we do during that time?
All we did was obey Gu Tae Won.
Once Aeguk Newspaper publishes the report,
we will continue their work.
That's what we'll do.
(A media jackal's eyes
shine light upon the world.)
(Company motto.
First, we only write articles that make money.)
(Aeguk Newspaper)
("The Truth About Faith Center...")
("a Reporter Tried
to Reveal through His Death")
You've endured so much...
to get to this point.
(Publish)
My name is Han Chul Ho.
I'm a reporter working
at Daehan Newspaper's Splash Team.
Many of you might not be able
to understand what I'm about to say.
But what I'm about to tell you right now...
is a recording...
of our country's criminal act,
which was both covered
and concealed by Daehan Newspaper.
During my 10 years as
a reporter at Daehan Newspaper,
I took part in numerous
fabricated articles.
It was much easier than I'd thought
to completely turn a case over...
with a single sentence in an article.
("Coast Guard Murder Suspect Arrested")
It was possible to turn
the innocent into the guilty,
and likewise, it was so easy
turning the living into the dead.
("The Reason Why Nam Kang Myung's
Death is True")
All that was possible because it
was Daehan Newspaper.
And at the center of it all...
was Director Gu Tae Won.
But ever since I found out about the existence of the Faith Center,
I lost all balance in life.
It was a horrible story about using children to overturn the government.
(Sahae Foundation)
At first, I did not believe it.
But it didn't take long for me to realize the truth.
Because I, myself,
was the evidence.
All the articles I fabricated...
existed to erase traces of the Faith Center,
and Sahae Foundation which was behind it all.
If someone is watching this video,
it probably means that I'm no longer in this world.
I could not fight against injustice,
and despise evil deeds.
So I am not a respectable reporter.
But I didn't want to remain silent until the very end.
My investigation has only touched the tip of this case.
But my fabricated articles and death...
will become the sure evidence that points...
to those who wish to cover up the truth.
(You are never too late if you have the courage...)
(to ask the right question.)
I hope all the reporters I respect...
use my regret as the stepping stone...
to reach the bottom of this case.
Please get to the bottom of this.
I beg of you.
If someone is watching this video...
("We Admit to Falsifying Articles and Apologize to the Readers")
it must mean I am no longer in this world.
("What is the truth behind the Faith Center?")
I could not fight against injustice,
and despise evil deeds.
("We Admit to Falsifying Articles and Apologize to the Readers")
So I am not a respectable reporter.
(The Staff of Daehan Newspaper)
But I didn't want to remain silent until the very end.
I'll ask you again.
Did Sahae Foundation give you orders to fabricate...
the statute of limitations for the Park Eung Mo case?
You no longer have a place to return to,
or a reputation to protect.
Make your decision.
I can't give you a lot of time.
(Daehan Newspaper)
He knew he was going to die?
Crazy idiot.
Let's begin.
The disclosure on Director Gu Tae Won's close relationship...
with Sahae Foundation is shocking the nation.
This was revealed through a video that Daehan Newspaper's...
reporter Han Chul Ho left before his death.
The video Han Chul Ho left behind...
contains shocking information on how Sahae Foundation plotted...
to overturn the government through Faith Center, an orphanage.
With this video as evidence,
prosecutors have seized and searched Sahae Foundation.
But most of the data within the Foundation was corrupted,
and several high-level personnel have already left the country...
to the shock of the nation.
("Heir to Younggwang Group Arrested for Murder")
Yes, Mr. President.
You didn't let me touch a single dollar bill.
But you're going around emptying Nam Kang Myung's vaults?
What are you talking about? That's not me.
I passed it over to the prosecutors.
I heard his private vaults are being emptied out.
If it's neither us nor you,
then who could it be?
Then what's the vault that hasn't been emptied out yet?
I got the statement report.
Oh, yes.
And the Splash Team sent this.
This is the letter Detective Min sent in 2011.
(Dear Reporter Gu Tae Won,)
(Please help me, Reporter Gu.)
(Statement Report)
The handwriting...
- Excuse me?
- The envelope.
Where is the envelope Detective Min brought?
(Attention Aeguk Newspaper, Splash Team)
(But they scold us everyday for different reasons.)
(Prosecutor Kwon So Ra)
- Yes.
- I think we can find...
the man with the tattoo.
He's somewhere close.
Yes, we are on our way.
Please dispatch backup to the scene and hurry.
Why are you here?
Your wife...
went to her hometown.
She gave up getting the heart transplant.
I know. I heard.
Why did you work with Sahae Foundation?
I'm begging you.
Don't say you did it for the sake of your wife.
I did it for myself.
That's just...
what I wanted.
I knew from the start that I made a mistake,
but I couldn't stop myself from getting involved.
Why?
Once I belonged to their group,
I was safe.
My life was fun that way.
Then...
why did you just watch Chul Ho getting murdered?
Why did you do it?
Why?
I already told the prosecution anything related to the law.
I have nothing more to say.
I bet it was because of Faith Center.
Should I tell you why you had to bury the story about Faith Center?
You were on the scene when the fire broke out.
Someone located you at the scene that day.
Did you run away?
Leaving those kids behind?
It all started from that point on.
So you joined hands with them.
And you let Chul Ho...
Then why did you betray Cho Young Ki?
I suppose that it was...
my conscience that had been buried deep within.
I have regretted my decision my entire life.
Those kids...
begged me to save them.
They were crying their hearts out.
The moment I abandoned them and ran away.
That cowardly moment of my life.
Even when I was intoxicated by power,
I couldn't wipe that moment from my life.
So that's why I wanted to stop it...
from happening once again.
What do you mean?
What will happen again?
The project at Faith Center...
wasn't over yet.
Those men...
are planning something even worse than this.
This is the last vault of Nam Kang Myung. Yes.
There are no traces that he was here already.
I'm on my way now. I think the police will arrive before I do.
Hold on.
That guy...
So Ra,
it's him.
This way. The guy in black.
(Daehan Newspaper)
We found the man with the tattoo.
Nam Kang Myung's last vault in Guro Industrial Tool Shopping Center.
Sahae Foundation...
was planning to make a terror attack.
If the man with the tattoo showed up at the vault,
it implies that something must be left inside the vault.
Okay. You need to find this guy. Got it?
Excuse me.
You jerk.
The suspect is at large.
Copied. The suspect is at large.
- Inspector Park.
- Yes.
Please go after the man with the tattoo.
We'll head to the private vault.
- Let's go.
- Yes, sir.
Excuse me. This is an inspection.
Officers are injured. Please call for backup.
Is that what Nam Kang Myung brought into Korea?
Ask Chemistry Investigation Squad for the confirmation.
We'll request National Forensic Service to run a test on it.
- Goodness, what happened?
- They're hurt.
What happened?
- He went down there!
- He went down the stairs.
Freeze!
I wanted to ask you why you did it.
It wasn't Detective Min.
It was you.
You were the informant.
The handwritings in the letter sent to Daehan Newspaper...
and on the envelope in the letter sent to us were the same.
Only one thing was different.
It was Detective Min's handwriting.
It was you who reported what happened in Faith Center...
and who sent me my brother's articles.
It was you who told us not to go to Port Gung Pyung...
from the beginning.
(It'll be best for you not to go to Port Gung Pyung.)
But why did you allow it?
If you were that desperate to escape from them,
why...
did you become a monster they wanted you to be?
That...
was the order I was given.
I had no other way to live...
aside from obeying their orders.
But I regretted it.
I regretted what I did to Han Chul Ho.
I didn't know that he was preparing to write the article.
What are you doing?
Stop, Kim Jin Woo.
I'm not saying I'm going to forgive you,
but please stop.
16 years ago,
what would've happened...
if you guys came instead of Gu Tae Won?
Put it down.
Put it down and talk!
"Commit suicide when your identity is exposed."
That's all I have.
This...
is the order I was given.
No!
I came here to deliver the elders' message.
I won't hear it.
I'm not charged with a felony.
If a couple of the charges get thrown out, I can get out of this.
The plan's been canceled.
But the sample Nam Kang Myung left behind is still there.
I did not disclose...
the names of the elders.
I wouldn't have come here if you'd gone that far.
It will appear like a heart attack.
You still have family left.
Leave in silence.
I could not fight against injustice...
and despise evil deeds.
So I am not a respectable reporter.
But I didn't want to remain silent until the very end.
Why...
couldn't I despise you guys?
Excuse me?
Take good care of them...
while I'm gone.
You'd better not cry because I'm not there.
(Prosecutor's office)
What are you doing here?
I wanted to be your escort, so that you don't...
get distracted at the special prosecutor's office.
Thank you for everything.
Is that what you decided on?
You're going to leave?
I said this before.
I'm Han Mu Young before I'm Han Chul Ho's brother.
I think I'll need time to find myself again.
I want to stop you.
There aren't much clues left on the Sahae Foundation.
Isn't this when a reporter's connections come in handy?
There are much better reporters out there.
Don't you remember?
It's all because you of that we figured all this out...
about Sahae Foundation and Faith Center.
Being an Aeguk Newspaper reporter...
fits you the best.
So come back.
You have to. I'll be waiting.
Okay.
Thank you.
(Statement of funds)
The documents I've just handed out...
is the fund statements of President Min Young Ho,
whose death was set up as a result of Alzheimer's 5 years ago.
Several witnesses involved with Sahae Foundation have died,
and evidence has been destroyed. This investigation will be hard.
But I plan to begin...
with President Min Young Ho, the man who led us here.
Let's do this.
(Splash Team)
Chief, did you hear?
Jung Hae Dong's dismissal was rejected.
Gosh, I knew this would happen.
These scums never die out.
Do you think they'll start pressuring us again?
What can we do?
We have to be prepared.
- What?
For your information, a true reporter...
has to rot in a dark corner...
for at least five years...
Excuse me.
(Chief Editor Lee Suk Min)
It's over. I think he's set.
How many journalists do you think would try knowing it wouldn't work?
I like him.
He can be reckless like this because he's a journalist. Don't you think?
Okay, looks good.
- Gosh!
- That's great.
- That's good.
- Yes.
- Just like that.
- Gosh!
- Okay!
- How about something like this?
- Yes!
- That looks great.
- Amazing.
- That looks good?
- Great.
- Yes.
Hey, Dong Shik.
Is the list of questions ready?
I did write up a list, but...
Give it here.
Do you really have to do this?
Why are you asking me that all of a sudden?
Han Mu Young, when you emptied out Nam Kang Myung's vault,
what did you tell me?
You said you'd give me an interview,
and include it in the pages. Didn't you?
I definitely did.
We prepared a good story that would even make Oprah Winfrey cry.
Of course.
Chief,
let's give him a proper shot.
You just wait.
And you're going to leave us!
What do you mean he's leaving?
Mu Young, you're quitting Aeguk Newspaper?
Yes, it just happened.
Mu Young.
I'll come visit often.
We're family.
- But what about us?
- No need to even mention.
You've saved my life more times than I can count.
I became a proper person thanks to you.
I think that...
I could see my brother's face while smiling now.
(Daehan Newspaper)
It's all over, Chul Ho.
What do you mean it's over?
It's not over until we find the person responsible for Faith Center,
and get to the bottom of Sahae Foundation.
You're trying to run off on your own?
I think I did everything I could.
It was so hard doing something that doesn't suit me.
You're not going to pick it up?
This phone is for Aeguk Newspaper tips.
This has nothing to do with me now.
Hey, you still have to take the call even when you're on break.
Hello? This is Aeguk Newspaper's Han Mu Young?
Excuse me? Yes.
Mister, have you heard of the Splash Team?
It's the team that contributed to exposing the Sahae Foundation.
Yes, that's the Splash Team.
They're better.
Would it be okay to send the Splash Team?
Yes, okay. Please wait there.
They'll be there soon.
What was the call?
What's it to you?
You're not working anymore.
Well, even when I'm on break...
Besides, that tip was for us.
Who says you can do that?
This is the place the Director of Sahae Foundation...
used as his personal office. Right?
Yes, I'm sure of it.
But you have to keep it a secret...
that I reported this.
Yes, this is how it always was.
I have no qualifications and no one recommended this to me,
but the desire to throw a stone to the world...
led us here.
Reporter Han Mu Young.
I thought you were done with this.
I don't know what's waiting ahead of me.
However, let's not be afraid.
Are we doing this?
We can't turn back now.
You're confident that you can do this, right?
As long as we care and have the courage to hate the evil,
the world will give us at least a chance...
to right an injustice.
(We'd like to thank you for watching and supporting "Falsify".)
("Temperature of Love" will air next week.)